com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/ReadFileTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.ReadFileTask
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.ReadFileTask$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.ReadFileTask$ReturnedValues
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/SftpEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$10
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$11
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$12
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$13
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$14
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$8
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao_Impl$9
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/FingerprintHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.FingerprintHandler
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/icons/MimeTypes.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.icons.MimeTypes
com/amaze/filemanager/database/SortHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.SortHandler
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.SortHandler$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.SortHandler$SortHandlerHolder
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesDialogBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesDialogBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/services/ftp/FtpTileService.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.ftp.FtpTileService
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/services/DecryptService.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.DecryptService
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.DecryptService$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.DecryptService$BackgroundTask
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/MainFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.MainFragment$7
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/services/ExtractService.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.ExtractService
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.ExtractService$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.ExtractService$DoWork
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.ExtractService$DoWork$1
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ItemColorpickerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ItemColorpickerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/cloudicon/CloudIconModelFactory.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.cloudicon.CloudIconModelFactory
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/files/GenericCopyUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.GenericCopyUtil
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/services/EncryptService.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.EncryptService
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.EncryptService$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.EncryptService$BackgroundTask
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/TabDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/CountItemsOrAndSizeTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.CountItemsOrAndSizeTask
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/SmbSearchDialog.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbSearchDialog
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbSearchDialog$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbSearchDialog$ElementViewHolder
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbSearchDialog$ListViewAdapter
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogColorpickerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogColorpickerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesGeneralBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesGeneralBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesHashBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesHashBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.MainActivity
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.MainActivity$FabActionListener
com/amaze/filemanager/database/CloudContract.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.CloudContract
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/EncryptedEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/compressed/CompressedHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.compressed.CompressedHelper
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/ProcessViewerFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.ProcessViewerFragment
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.ProcessViewerFragment$CustomServiceConnection
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.ProcessViewerFragment$CustomServiceConnection$1
com/amaze/filemanager/BuildConfig.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.BuildConfig
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/MainActivityHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MainActivityHelper
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MainActivityHelper$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MainActivityHelper$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MainActivityHelper$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MainActivityHelper$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MainActivityHelper$5
com/amaze/filemanager/database/TabHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.TabHandler
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.TabHandler$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.TabHandler$TabHandlerHolder
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/AppsListFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.AppsListFragment
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/CustomZoomFocusChange.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.CustomZoomFocusChange
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ProcessparentBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ProcessparentBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/FragmentFtpBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.FragmentFtpBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/explorer/EncryptedEntry.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.explorer.EncryptedEntry
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/CopyDialogBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.CopyDialogBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/MapEntry.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.MapEntry
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/AdapterDonationBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.AdapterDonationBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/DbViewerTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.DbViewerTask
com/amaze/filemanager/TagsHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.TagsHelper
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/EncryptedEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.EncryptedEntryDao_Impl$8
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/drawer/CustomNavigationView.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.CustomNavigationView
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.CustomNavigationView$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.CustomNavigationView$SavedState
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.CustomNavigationView$SavedState$1
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/ssh/Statvfs.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.ssh.Statvfs
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.ssh.Statvfs$Response
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/SmbEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$10
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$8
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao_Impl$9
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SmbDialogBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SmbDialogBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/GlideConstants.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.GlideConstants
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/ListEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/TabfragmentBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.TabfragmentBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogSigninWithGoogleBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogSigninWithGoogleBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/NamepathswitchPreferenceBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.NamepathswitchPreferenceBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/ThemedImageView.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.ThemedImageView
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SmbProgressRowBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SmbProgressRowBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogDeleteBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogDeleteBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/GridEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/database/typeconverters/OpenModeTypeConverter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.typeconverters.OpenModeTypeConverter
com/amaze/filemanager/database/ExplorerDatabase.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase$7
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/services/CopyService.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.CopyService
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.CopyService$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.CopyService$DoInBackground
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.CopyService$DoInBackground$Copy
com/amaze/filemanager/GlideRequests.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.GlideRequests
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/BookmarkEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/RenameBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.RenameBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/FragmentDbViewerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.FragmentDbViewerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/CryptHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.CryptHandler
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.CryptHandler$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.CryptHandler$CryptHandlerHolder
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/theme/AppTheme.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.theme.AppTheme
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SftpDialogBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SftpDialogBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogDragDropBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogDragDropBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/FastscrollerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.FastscrollerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/LexadrawerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.LexadrawerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/FragmentAppListBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.FragmentAppListBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/RenameBookmark.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.RenameBookmark
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.RenameBookmark$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.RenameBookmark$BookmarkCallback
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/TabFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.TabFragment
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.TabFragment$ScreenSlidePagerAdapter
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/SearchWorkerFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.SearchWorkerFragment
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.SearchWorkerFragment$HelperCallbacks
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/share/ShareTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.share.ShareTask
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/Bookmark.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.Bookmark
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/files/CryptUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.CryptUtil
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.CryptUtil$RSAKeygen
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/icons/Icons.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.icons.Icons
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/colors/ColorUtils.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.colors.ColorUtils
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/LayoutDraweractionviewBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.LayoutDraweractionviewBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ActivityDbViewerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ActivityDbViewerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/FragmentSheetCloudBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.FragmentSheetCloudBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/UtilsHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilsHandler
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilsHandler$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilsHandler$Operation
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/Grid.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.Grid
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/SmbUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.SmbUtil
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/HybridFile.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$10
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$10$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$11
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$12
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$13
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$14
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$8
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$8$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$9
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFile$9$1
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/SaveOnDataUtilsChange.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.SaveOnDataUtilsChange
com/amaze/filemanager/database/ExplorerDatabase_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.ExplorerDatabase_Impl$1
com/amaze/filemanager/application/AppConfig.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.application.AppConfig
com/amaze/filemanager/database/UtilitiesDatabase.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase$4
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/GridEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.GridEntryDao_Impl$7
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/HiddenAdapter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.HiddenAdapter
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/colors/ColorPreferenceHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.colors.ColorPreferenceHelper
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/SmbEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SmbEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/ThemedTextView.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.ThemedTextView
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogFtpLoginBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogFtpLoginBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/WarnableTextInputLayout.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.WarnableTextInputLayout
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/data/StorageDirectoryParcelable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.StorageDirectoryParcelable
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.StorageDirectoryParcelable$1
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/CloudSheetFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.CloudSheetFragment
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.CloudSheetFragment$CloudConnectionCallbacks
com/amaze/filemanager/AmazeFileManagerModule.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.AmazeFileManagerModule
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/EditTextColorStateUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.EditTextColorStateUtil
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/apkimage/ApkImageModelLoaderFactory.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.apkimage.ApkImageModelLoaderFactory
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/RecyclerPreloadModelProvider.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.RecyclerPreloadModelProvider
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/cloud/CloudUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.cloud.CloudUtil
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.cloud.CloudUtil$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.cloud.CloudUtil$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.cloud.CloudUtil$2$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.cloud.CloudUtil$3
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/GriditemBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.GriditemBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/DisablableViewPager.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.DisablableViewPager
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/OperationData.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.OperationData
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/DividerItemDecoration.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.DividerItemDecoration
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/ColorCircleDrawable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.ColorCircleDrawable
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/share/ShareAdapter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.share.ShareAdapter
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.share.ShareAdapter$ViewHolder
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesPermissionsBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesPermissionsBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/data/IconDataParcelable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.IconDataParcelable
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.IconDataParcelable$1
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/drawer/MenuMetadata.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.MenuMetadata
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.MenuMetadata$OnClickListener
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/MediaStoreHack.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.MediaStoreHack
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/AbstractRepeatingRunnable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.AbstractRepeatingRunnable
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/HistoryEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$8
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao_Impl$9
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/MainFragBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.MainFragBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/DeleteTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.DeleteTask
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.DeleteTask$1
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/GenerateHashesTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.GenerateHashesTask
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.GenerateHashesTask$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.GenerateHashesTask$2
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.PreferencesActivity
com/amaze/filemanager/database/typeconverters/EncryptedStringTypeConverter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.typeconverters.EncryptedStringTypeConverter
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/cloudicon/CloudIconModelLoader.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.cloudicon.CloudIconModelLoader
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/ListEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.ListEntryDao_Impl$7
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogDecryptFingerprintAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogDecryptFingerprintAuthenticationBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/SearchAsyncTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.SearchAsyncTask
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.SearchAsyncTask$SearchFilter
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/BookmarkrowBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.BookmarkrowBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/compressed/extractcontents/Extractor.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.compressed.extractcontents.Extractor
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.compressed.extractcontents.Extractor$EmptyArchiveNotice
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.compressed.extractcontents.Extractor$Filter
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.compressed.extractcontents.Extractor$OnUpdate
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/appbar/AppBar.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.AppBar
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/SftpEntry.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.SftpEntry
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/OperationData.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.OperationData
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/CircleGradientDrawable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.CircleGradientDrawable
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/ssh/SshClientUtils.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.ssh.SshClientUtils
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.ssh.SshClientUtils$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.ssh.SshClientUtils$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.ssh.SshClientUtils$3
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/OpenSourceLicensesBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.OpenSourceLicensesBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/History.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.History
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/superclasses/ThemedActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.superclasses.ThemedActivity
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogEncryptAuthenticateBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogEncryptAuthenticateBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesAudioBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesAudioBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/drawer/ActionViewStateManager.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.ActionViewStateManager
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogGridItemBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogGridItemBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/FastScroller.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.FastScroller
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.FastScroller$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.FastScroller$ScrollListener
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.FastScroller$onTouchListener
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/explorer/Sort.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.explorer.Sort
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/Operations.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations$3$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.Operations$ErrorCallBack
com/amaze/filemanager/LogHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.LogHelper
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/preference_fragments/PrefFrag.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.preference_fragments.PrefFrag
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/explorer/Tab.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.explorer.Tab
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/preference_fragments/PreferencesConstants.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.preference_fragments.PreferencesConstants
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/FragmentOpenFileDialogBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.FragmentOpenFileDialogBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/colors/ColorPreference.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.colors.ColorPreference
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/apkimage/ApkImageDataFetcher.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.apkimage.ApkImageDataFetcher
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/loaders/AppListLoader.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.loaders.AppListLoader
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.loaders.AppListLoader$AppsDataPair
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/BookmarkEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.BookmarkEntryDao_Impl$8
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/SortDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/HiddenEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/CustomLinearSmoothScroller.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.CustomLinearSmoothScroller
com/amaze/filemanager/GlideRequest.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.GlideRequest
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SmbComputersRowBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SmbComputersRowBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/superclasses/PreferenceActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.superclasses.PreferenceActivity
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/services/AbstractProgressiveService.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.AbstractProgressiveService
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.services.AbstractProgressiveService$ProgressListener
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/CloudLoaderAsyncTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.CloudLoaderAsyncTask
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesDocumentBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesDocumentBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogSingleedittextBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogSingleedittextBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/notifications/FtpNotification.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.notifications.FtpNotification
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogGridBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogGridBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/NotificationServiceSmallBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.NotificationServiceSmallBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/RecyclerPreloadSizeProvider.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.RecyclerPreloadSizeProvider
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.RecyclerPreloadSizeProvider$RecyclerPreloadSizeProviderCallback
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.RecyclerPreloadSizeProvider$SizeViewTarget
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesImageBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesImageBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/EditableFileAbstraction.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.EditableFileAbstraction
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.EditableFileAbstraction$Scheme
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/files/FileListSorter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileListSorter
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/AboutActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.AboutActivity
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.AboutActivity$1
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/ScrimInsetsRelativeLayout.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.ScrimInsetsRelativeLayout
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.ScrimInsetsRelativeLayout$OnInsetsCallback
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/provider/UtilitiesProvider.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.provider.UtilitiesProvider
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/strings/StorageNamingHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.strings.StorageNamingHelper
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/OperationDataWithName.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.OperationDataWithName
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SearchBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SearchBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/GlideOptions.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.GlideOptions
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ActionmodeTextviewerBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ActionmodeTextviewerBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/DatabaseViewerActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.DatabaseViewerActivity
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DragPlaceholderBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DragPlaceholderBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/CircularColorsView.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.CircularColorsView
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/InterestingConfigChange.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.InterestingConfigChange
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/PrepareCopyTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.PrepareCopyTask
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.PrepareCopyTask$CopyNode
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.PrepareCopyTask$DialogState
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/NotificationServiceBigBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.NotificationServiceBigBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/fragments/DbViewerFragment.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.fragments.DbViewerFragment
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DialogTwoedittextsBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DialogTwoedittextsBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/LoadFilesListTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.LoadFilesListTask
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.LoadFilesListTask$1
com/amaze/filemanager/GlideApp.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.GlideApp
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/appbar/SearchView.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.SearchView
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.SearchView$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.SearchView$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.SearchView$SearchListener
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/LoadFolderSpaceDataTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.LoadFolderSpaceDataTask
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/HistoryEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HistoryEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/GeneralDialogCreation.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.GeneralDialogCreation
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.GeneralDialogCreation$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.GeneralDialogCreation$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.GeneralDialogCreation$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.GeneralDialogCreation$SizeFormatter
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/ObtainableServiceBinder.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.ObtainableServiceBinder
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/FileUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.FileUtil
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.FileUtil$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.FileUtil$2
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/ColorPickerDialog.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.ColorPickerDialog
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.ColorPickerDialog$ColorItemPair
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.ColorPickerDialog$OnAcceptedConfig
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.ColorPickerDialog$SavedState
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.ColorPickerDialog$SavedState$1
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PrefsfragBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PrefsfragBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/CloudHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.CloudHandler
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/SortDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SortDao_Impl$7
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/notifications/NotificationConstants.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.notifications.NotificationConstants
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/CheckableCircleView.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.CheckableCircleView
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/WarnableTextInputValidator.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.WarnableTextInputValidator
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.WarnableTextInputValidator$OnTextValidate
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.WarnableTextInputValidator$ReturnState
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/TextEditorActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.TextEditorActivity
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.TextEditorActivity$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.TextEditorActivity$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.TextEditorActivity$3
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/ImmutableEntry.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.ImmutableEntry
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/WriteFileAbstraction.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.WriteFileAbstraction
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.WriteFileAbstraction$1
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/RowlayoutBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.RowlayoutBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/Utils.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.Utils
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.Utils$1
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/theme/AppThemeManager.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.theme.AppThemeManager
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/drawer/Drawer.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.Drawer
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.Drawer$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.drawer.Drawer$2
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/PasteHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.PasteHelper
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.PasteHelper$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.PasteHelper$2
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ListHeaderBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ListHeaderBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/ThemedImageButton.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.ThemedImageButton
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SnackbarViewBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SnackbarViewBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/UtilitiesDatabase_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.UtilitiesDatabase_Impl$1
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/CustomFileObserver.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.CustomFileObserver
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.CustomFileObserver$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.CustomFileObserver$FileTimerTask
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/Indicator.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$LeftwardStartPredicate
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$PendingRetreatAnimator
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$PendingRetreatAnimator$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$PendingRevealAnimator
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$PendingRevealAnimator$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$PendingStartAnimator
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$RightwardStartPredicate
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.Indicator$StartPredicate
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/views/appbar/BottomBar.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$6$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.views.appbar.BottomBar$7
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/DrawerheaderBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.DrawerheaderBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/LayoutAppbarBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.LayoutAppbarBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/dialogs/SmbConnectDialog.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbConnectDialog
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbConnectDialog$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbConnectDialog$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbConnectDialog$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbConnectDialog$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.dialogs.SmbConnectDialog$SmbConnectionListener
com/amaze/filemanager/application/GlideApplication.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.application.GlideApplication
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/apkimage/ApkImageModelLoader.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.apkimage.ApkImageModelLoader
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/ItemPopupMenu.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.ItemPopupMenu
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.ItemPopupMenu$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.ItemPopupMenu$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.ItemPopupMenu$3
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ActionmodeBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ActionmodeBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/GridHeaderBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.GridHeaderBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ToolbarBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/explorer/CloudEntry.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.explorer.CloudEntry
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesVideoBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesVideoBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/glide/AppsAdapterPreloadModel.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.glide.AppsAdapterPreloadModel
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/CompressedExplorerAdapter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.CompressedExplorerAdapter
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/SmbEntry.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.SmbEntry
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/SftpEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.SftpEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/DataUtils.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.DataUtils
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.DataUtils$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.DataUtils$DataChangeListener
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.DataUtils$DataUtilsHolder
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PropertiesInformationBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PropertiesInformationBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/crashreport/ErrorActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.crashreport.ErrorActivity
 com.amaze.filemanager.crashreport.ErrorActivity$ErrorInfo
 com.amaze.filemanager.crashreport.ErrorActivity$ErrorInfo$1
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/ActivityErrorBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.ActivityErrorBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/SubnetScanner.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.SubnetScanner
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.SubnetScanner$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.SubnetScanner$ScanObserver
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.SubnetScanner$Task
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/CloudEntryDao.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/PermissiontableBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.PermissiontableBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/files/EncryptDecryptUtils.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.EncryptDecryptUtils
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.EncryptDecryptUtils$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.EncryptDecryptUtils$DecryptButtonCallbackInterface
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.EncryptDecryptUtils$EncryptButtonCallbackInterface
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SelectedcolorsPreferenceBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SelectedcolorsPreferenceBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/HiddenEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.HiddenEntryDao_Impl$7
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/ColorAdapter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.ColorAdapter
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.ColorAdapter$OnColorSelected
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/broadcast_receivers/PackageReceiver.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.broadcast_receivers.PackageReceiver
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/management/ServiceWatcherUtil.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.management.ServiceWatcherUtil
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.management.ServiceWatcherUtil$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.management.ServiceWatcherUtil$ServiceStatusCallbacks
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.management.ServiceWatcherUtil$ServiceWatcherRepeatingRunnable
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.management.ServiceWatcherUtil$WaitNotificationThread
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/LruBitmapCache.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.LruBitmapCache
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/data/CompressedObjectParcelable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.CompressedObjectParcelable
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.CompressedObjectParcelable$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.CompressedObjectParcelable$Sorter
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/SearchTextTask.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.SearchTextTask
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/RootHelper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.RootHelper
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/superclasses/PermissionsActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.superclasses.PermissionsActivity
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.superclasses.PermissionsActivity$OnPermissionGranted
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/AsyncTaskResult.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.AsyncTaskResult
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.AsyncTaskResult$Callback
com/amaze/filemanager/asynchronous/asynctasks/MoveFiles.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.MoveFiles
 com.amaze.filemanager.asynchronous.asynctasks.MoveFiles$1
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/RecyclerAdapter.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.RecyclerAdapter
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.RecyclerAdapter$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.RecyclerAdapter$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.RecyclerAdapter$ListElemType
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.RecyclerAdapter$ListItem
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.RecyclerAdapter$OnImageProcessed
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/ProgressHandler.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.ProgressHandler
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.ProgressHandler$ProgressListener
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/List.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.List
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/LayoutSearchBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.LayoutSearchBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/HybridFileParcelable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFileParcelable
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.HybridFileParcelable$1
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/StringWrapper.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.StringWrapper
com/amaze/filemanager/filesystem/files/FileUtils.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileUtils
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileUtils$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileUtils$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileUtils$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileUtils$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.filesystem.files.FileUtils$5
com/amaze/filemanager/adapters/data/LayoutElementParcelable.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.LayoutElementParcelable
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.LayoutElementParcelable$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.adapters.data.LayoutElementParcelable$2
com/amaze/filemanager/ui/activities/superclasses/BasicActivity.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.ui.activities.superclasses.BasicActivity
com/amaze/filemanager/database/models/utilities/Hidden.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.models.utilities.Hidden
com/amaze/filemanager/databinding/SimplerowBinding.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.databinding.SimplerowBinding
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/TabDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.TabDao_Impl$7
com/amaze/filemanager/utils/Billing.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.utils.Billing
com/amaze/filemanager/database/daos/CloudEntryDao_Impl.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$1
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$2
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$3
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$4
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$5
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$6
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$7
 com.amaze.filemanager.database.daos.CloudEntryDao_Impl$8
com/amaze/filemanager/MyTest.java
 com.amaze.filemanager.MyTest
